---
layout: post
title: The Imitation Game
comments: true
---

I felt devastated at the end. I could not accept that.
After all of his endeavors, they punished him hard, just because he was different.
I thought a little about it and I saw that this is happening everyday.
We all do such a thing. We punish those who are different from us, not bad, but just different.
Who said that we are the right and they are the wrong? How do we let ourselves to judge others?
We're all different and that's the beauty of it.

There is a quote in this movie which repeated several times:

 > Sometimes it is the people no one imagines anything of, who do the things that no one can imagine.

It reminded me of another quote which belongs to the Apple's Think Different Ad campaign
(you can watch the Ad [here]({{ site.url }}/files/posts_files/Apple Think Different Ad.m4v), Persian subtitle is embedded to the video):

 > Here’s to the crazy ones.
 The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes.
 The ones who see things differently. They’re not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo.
 You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can’t do is ignore them.
 Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones,
 we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.

I've seen the video like a million times, especially when I feel hopeless.
Both of these quotes have a lot to say and a lot to learn from.

By the way, The Imitation Game is an awesome movie and I encourage everyone to watch it.
Especially the CS geeks.:wink:
